hey how's it going Dave to day year so
this is the ACS c30 - it's their
Chromebook their top-of-the-line
Chromebook and I don't do much coverage
of Chromebooks on this channel least I
haven't in the past because I feel like
this type of hardware Chromebooks their
value is highly dependent on their
software like without a good software
experience this whole ecosystem doesn't
work very well and in the past that has
been great but recently actually in the
very near future these will become
awesome so before I get into the whole
like review of this particular unit I
need to talk about the state of
Chromebooks in early 2017 so Chromebooks
have traditionally been just like okay
if you don't know what a Chromebook is
it's a inexpensive laptop like device
well it's basically a laptop and it runs
Chrome OS which is a software made by
Google now in order to put applications
on these things
traditionally you go to something called
the Chrome Web Store which is kind of
like their App Store so iPhones have the
App Store Android phones have the Google
Play Store
Chromebooks have something called well
if they used to have something called
the Chrome Web Store which was their
application kind of library the problem
was that developers just didn't develop
much for the Chrome Web Store like most
of the popular applications weren't
available on the Chrome Web Store so
Google did this thing last year whether
like hey we're gonna allow Android
applications so the ones that you would
see on your Android phone we're gonna
put those onto Chromebooks in the near
future and that is right now in the next
week or two they're gonna be rolling out
across most Chromebooks at least all of
the current generation ones and future
generation Chromebooks they're gonna be
able to run Android applications so at
first glance it's not like a huge thing
yeah it's like a bunch of apps are
coming into the system but this really
is a game changer so not only do you
have just a gigantic library of apps now
you're now able to do stuff offline so
if you want to do editing of documents
offline if you want to play games
offline if you want to download videos
and watch stuff off Netflix offline you
can now do this on a Chromebook these
are basically full-fledged computers so
the addition of these Android apps into
this Chromebook ecosystem I think it's
going to heavily affect the sales and
just the livelihood of
tablets this is a Galaxy Tab s 3 came
out week maybe two weeks ago and I feel
like these products are dead on arrival
I just why would you purchase that when
you could buy these for half the price
and they're just as if not more capable
than those some apps don't work yet like
vsco cam this is a really popular photo
editing app and when I try to install it
it says it's incompatible but chances
are if your favorite app isn't available
right now there's gonna be an
alternative or two or a ten that are
available and able to run on Chromebooks
already so in general I think if you are
an average user I mean I know a lot of
my audience are like they're heavy
gamers or just photo or video editors if
you're one of those people then you
probably won't be able to use this as
like your only machine maybe it's like a
secondary device but for most people you
can get by with the Chromebook the app
store selection is huge so yeah I think
that's just the state of Chromebooks
right now so I want to talk about the
device in specific now so this is the
Asus c30 2 and personally I think this
is the best Chromebook right now it's
expensive it's $500 and I guess let's
talk about the things that I do like
about it first so it's got great build
quality full of movement um build
everything is solid there's no plastic
on the device
everything from the hinge to the finish
feels like a top to your device there is
like you can see over here that it
wasn't milled from a single block of
aluminum there's like two pieces that
they put together but the build quality
on this thing is quite good
there's to use BC ports and there's no
use ba ports obviously not a huge
selection of ports but it's a Chromebook
and you probably won't be connecting to
many devices to this thing you also have
your micro SD slot and then on the other
side you have your volume rocker power
button and audio jack the screen is 24
hundred by 13 40 it's reasonably bright
and color accurate I'd say it's about
average for a higher-end laptop or a
Chromebook there are better screens out
there but I like this one a lot
performance is pretty strong strong
enough I mean for what we would do on a
Chromebook I can easily have 10 chrome
tabs open with spotify netflix or twitch
running in the background and it'll
handle it with ease the 64 gigs of
storage gills a little light especially
if you're coming from laptop but you can
easily add microSD cards if you want I
will say though if you're interested in
purchasing I would highly recommend
getting the
upgraded one like the one with the core
M processor I've used the Pentium
processor and it feels noticeably slower
it's not that much cheaper so I highly
recommend getting the upgraded version
with more storage and a faster processor
ok let's talk about the keyboard this is
why I've crowned this Asus as the best
Chromebook it's backlit 1.4 millimeters
travel perfect layout there's really
nothing I would change about this
keyboard maybe like the springs could be
a little bit stiffer but really it's a
great keyboard it feels a lot like the
MacBook Air and for what I use a
Chromebook for and what I think a lot of
people will be using Chromebooks for the
typing experience has to be awesome
and this really nails it the very few
Chromebooks do and so there's another
competitor to this that I would consider
to be like the second best Chromebook
out there which is the Samsung
Chromebook plus but the keyboard on that
is significantly worse than this that's
why I prefer this the other thing that I
really like about this like device as to
why I think it's the best it's the flip
so a lot of devices when you flip it
into tablet mode it's just not a
comfortable device this thing is
relatively light 2.6 pounds but it's
also the ergonomics like when you hold
this thing it feels like an actual
tablet and I think if you're going to
have a two in one device if your tablet
mode your tent mode and your laptop mode
are all really comfortable to use you've
done a good job the trackpad is less
awesome surface feels good but it lacks
perfect precision you'll get the
occasional jitter it is a decent
trackpad though the battery life is
great
it's a 39 watt hour battery you'll
comfortably hit eight or more hours on
this thing so I've been able to hit
eight hours with screen at 215 it's
keyboard backlighting on I mean it's a
Chromebook not pulling too much juice so
it's gonna last it also uses USB C
charging so you have other USB C devices
that's a nice bonus the speakers are
also decent they're positioned nicely
you got a good stereo effect and they're
clear enough there's no fan noise on
this thing so audio comes out pretty
clean but it's a small speaker on a
Chromebook so it's not going to be
amazing there's a few things I don't
love about this Chromebook I wish the
screen was brighter 300 nits is fine for
indoor use but if you bring it outdoors
it's not ideal the other thing are the
bezels so these bezels are I mean
they're not huge or anything but when
you have an Intel
mode especially because you have that
Asus logo on the side it doesn't look
like a particularly elegant screen I
wish these bezels are smaller but that's
about it there's really not much a
dislike about this Chromebook now it's
not cheap it's $500 which is actually
quite expensive for a Chromebook but in
2017 you're not going to get this kind
of build quality unless you're paying
this kind of money so is it worth it I
think it is especially be considered the
Android apps that are coming in if you
can make this fit into your workflow I
think this is a really good device hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs if
you liked it subs you loved it see you
guys next time
[Music]